
regtests/files/identify/antlr-pd-1.c
1   ANTLR 2 License
2
3  We reserve no legal rights to the ANTLR--it is fully in the public domain.
4  An individual or company may do whatever they wish with source code distributed
5  with ANTLR or the code generated by ANTLR, including the incorporation of ANTLR,
6  or its output, into commerical software.
7
8  We encourage users to develop software with ANTLR. However, we do ask that credit
9  is given to us for developing ANTLR. By "credit", we mean that if you use ANTLR or
10 incorporate any source code into one of your programs (commercial product, research
11 project, or otherwise) that you acknowledge this fact somewhere in the documentation,
12 research report, etc... If you like ANTLR and have developed a nice tool with
13 the output, please mention that you developed it using ANTLR. In addition,
14 we ask that the headers remain intact in our source code. As long as these
15 guidelines are kept, we expect to continue enhancing this system and expect
16 to make other tools available as they are completed.

regtests/files/identify/antlr-pd-2.c
1  We reserve no legal rights to the ANTLR--it is fully in the public domain.
2  An individual or company may do whatever they wish with source code distributed
3  with ANTLR or the code generated by ANTLR, including the incorporation of ANTLR,
4  or its output, into commerical software.
5
6  We encourage users to develop software with ANTLR. However, we do ask that credit
7  is given to us for developing ANTLR. By "credit", we mean that if you use ANTLR or
8  incorporate any source code into one of your programs (commercial product, research
9  project, or otherwise) that you acknowledge this fact somewhere in the documentation,
10 research report, etc... If you like ANTLR and have developed a nice tool with
11 the output, please mention that you developed it using ANTLR. In addition,
12 we ask that the headers remain intact in our source code. As long as these
13 guidelines are kept, we expect to continue enhancing this system and expect
14 to make other tools available as they are completed.
